DEVX-815: Automatically spin up a CCloud stack for developers to test (#615)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/beginner-cloud/README.md

./cleanup.sh
```

# Fully Managed Stack in Confluent Cloud

## Create the Stack

The [ccloud stack](beginner-cloud/ccloud_stack_spin_up.sh) is a script that uses the Confluent Cloud CLI to dynamically do the following things in Confluent Cloud:

* Create a new environment
* Create a new service account
* Create a new Kafka cluster and associated credentials
* Enable Schema Registry and associated credentials
* Create a new KSQL app and associated credentials
* Create ACLs with wildcard for the service account
* Generate a local configuration file with all above connection information, useful for other demos/automation

To spin up the stack:

```bash
./ccloud_stack_spin_up.sh
```

To spin down the stack, pass the client properties file auto-generated in the step above:

```bash
./ccloud stack_spin_down.sh /tmp/client-<SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID>.config
```

## Difference between demos

> The difference between `start.sh` and `ccloud_stack_spin_up.sh` is that the former demonstrates step-by-step Confluent Cloud CLI commands and it cleans up after itself, whereas the latter spins up all the resources in Confluent Cloud for use in downstream demos/automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `start.sh` is a fully scripted demo which demonstrates step-by-step Confluent Cloud CLI commands and it cleans up after itself.
- `ccloud_stack_spin_up.sh` coordinates the creation of a suite of Confluent Cloud resources leaving them operational for experimentation or use in other demos/automation.
```
